[Identity] Dropping Implicit Auth flow (#14558)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

> - For the `InteractiveBrowserCredential`, we're dropping support for [Implicit Grant Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow) to use only [Auth Code Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow).

Reviewer: I would make this more direct and remove implementation details. For your consideration:

- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` no longer supports Implicit Grant Flow. The implicit flow will not work in modern browsers which block third-party cookies. Because `InteractiveBrowserCredential` only supports Auth Code Flow now, the `flow` option introduced in `1.2.4-beta.1` has been removed.

Author: Thank you! I'll take it

## 2.0.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

> - `InteractiveBrowserCredential` no longer supports [Implicit Grant Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow). The implicit flow will not work in modern browsers which block third-party cookies. Because `InteractiveBrowserCredential` only supports [Auth Code Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) now, the `flow` option introduced in `1.2.4-beta.1` has been removed.

Reviewer 2: How about sharing an excerpt from the above page?

```suggestion
- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` no longer supports [Implicit Grant Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow) and will only support [Auth Code Flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow) instead. Therefore the `flow` option introduced in `1.2.4-beta.1` has been removed. Relevant parts from the documentation on Implicit Grant Flow:

> With the plans for [third party cookies to be removed from browsers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/reference-third-party-cookies-spas), the **implicit grant flow is no longer a suitable authentication method**. The [silent SSO features](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-implicit-grant-flow#getting-access-tokens-silently-in-the-background) of the implicit flow do not work without third party cookies, causing applications to break when they attempt to get a new token. We strongly recommend that all new applications use the authorization code flow that now supports single page apps in place of the implicit flow, and that [existing single page apps begin migrating to the authorization code flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/migrate-spa-implicit-to-auth-code) as well.

```

Author: Thank you!
